1.Can I detach the primary (eth0) network interface when the instance is running 
or stopped?
A. Yes, You can.
B. You cannot
C. Depends on the state of the interface at the time

2.By default what are ENIs that are automatically created and attached to 
instances using the EC2 console set to do when the attached instance terminates?
A. Remain as is
B. Terminate
C. Hibernate
D. Pause

3.Select the incorrect statement
A. In Amazon EC2, the private IP addresses only returned to Amazon EC2 when the
   instance is stopped or terminated
B. In Amazon VPC, an instance retains its private IP addresses when the instance 
   is stopped.
C. In Amazon VPC, an instance does NOT retain its private IP addresses when the 
   instance is stopped
D. In Amazon EC2, the private IP address is associated exclusively with the 
   instance for its lifetime

4.To ensure failover capabilities, consider using a _____ for incoming traffic 
  on a network interface.
A. primary public IP
B. secondary private IP
C. secondary public IP
D. add on secondary IP

5.A user has launched an EC2 Windows instance from an instance store backed AMI. 
The user wants to convert the AMI to an EBS backed AMI. How can the user convert 
it?
A. Attach an EBS volume to the instance and unbundle all the AMI bundled data 
   inside the EBS
B. A Windows based instance store backed AMI cannot be converted to an EBS 
   backed AMI
C. It is not possible to convert an instance store backed AMI to an EBS backed 
   AMI
D. Attach an EBS volume and use the copy command to copy all the ephemeral 
   content to the EBS Volume

6.A user has launched two EBS backed EC2 instances in the US-East-1a region. 
 The user wants to change the zone of one of the instances. How can the user 
 change it?
A. Stop one of the instances and change the availability zone
B. The zone can only be modified using the AWS CLI
C. From the AWS EC2 console, select the Actions – > Change zones and specify 
   new zone
D. Create an AMI of the running instance and launch the instance in a separate 
   AZ

7. A user has launched an EC2 instance from an instance store backed AMI. 
   The user has attached an additional instance store volume to the instance. 
   The user wants to create an AMI from the running instance. Will the AMI have 
   the additional instance store volume data?
A. Yes, the block device mapping will have information about the additional 
   instance store volume
B. No, since the instance store backed AMI can have only the root volume bundled
C. It is not possible to attach an additional instance store volume to the 
   existing instance store backed AMI instance
D. No, since this is ephemeral storage it will not be a part of the AMI

8. A user has launched an EC2 instance from an instance store backed AMI. 
   If the user restarts the instance, what will happen to the ephemeral 
   storage data? 
A. All the data will be erased but the ephemeral storage will stay connected 
B. All data will be erased and the ephemeral storage is released 
C. It is not possible to restart an instance launched from an instance store 
   backed AMI 
D. The data is preserved

9.In order to optimize performance for a compute cluster that requires low 
inter-node latency, which feature in the following list should you use?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Cluster Placement Groups
C. VPC private subnets
D. EC2 Dedicated Instances
E. Multiple Availability Zones

10.A user has created a web application with Auto Scaling. The user is regularly
   monitoring the application and he observed that the traffic is highest on 
  Thursday and Friday between 8 AM to 6 PM. What is the best solution to handle 
  scaling in this case?
A. Add a new instance manually by 8 AM Thursday and terminate the same by 6 PM 
  Friday
B. Schedule Auto Scaling to scale up by 8 AM Thursday and scale down after 6 PM 
   on Friday
C. Schedule a policy which may scale up every day at 8 AM and scales down by 
  6 PM
D. Configure a batch process to add a instance by 8 AM and remove it by Friday 
  6 PM

11. A user has hosted an application on EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are 
   configured with ELB and Auto Scaling. The application server session time out 
   is 2 hours. The user wants to configure connection draining to ensure that 
   all in-flight requests are supported by ELB even though the instance is being 
   deregistered. What time out period should the user specify for connection 
   draining?
A. 5 minutes
B. 1 hour 
D. 30 minutes
C. 2 hours

12. An organization has configured Auto Scaling for hosting their application. 
    The system admin wants to understand the Auto Scaling health check process. 
   If the instance is unhealthy, Auto Scaling launches an instance and terminates 
   the unhealthy instance. What is the order execution?
A. Auto Scaling launches a new instance first and then terminates the unhealthy 
   instance
B. Auto Scaling performs the launch and terminate processes in a random order
C. Auto Scaling launches and terminates the instances simultaneously
D. Auto Scaling terminates the instance first and then launches a new instance

13. You have started a new job and are reviewing your company’s infrastructure on 
   AWS. You notice one web application where they have an Elastic Load Balancer 
   in front of web instances in an Auto Scaling Group. When you check the metrics
  for the ELB in CloudWatch you see four healthy instances in Availability Zone 
  (AZ) A and zero in AZ B. There are zero unhealthy instances. What do you need
  to fix to balance the instances across AZs?
A. Set the ELB to only be attached to another AZ
B. Make sure Auto Scaling is configured to launch in both AZs
C. Make sure your AMI is available in both AZs
D. Make sure the maximum size of the Auto Scaling Group is greater than 4

14.A company wants to organize the contents of multiple websites in managed file 
  storage. The company must be able to scale the storage based on demand without 
  needing to provision storage. Multiple servers across multiple Availability 
  Zones within a region should be able to access this storage concurrently. 
  Which services should the Solutions Architect recommend?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EBS Multi-Attach
C. Amazon EFS
D. AWS Storage Gateway – Volume gateway

15.A user has created a snapshot of an EBS volume. Which of the below mentioned 
   usage cases is not possible with respect to a snapshot?
A. Mirroring the volume from one AZ to another AZ
B. Launch an instance
C. Decrease the volume size
D. Increase the size of the volume

16. An IAM policy allows s3:GetObject for arn:aws:s3:::mybucket/*.
The user can list all objects but cannot read them. Why?

A. Bucket-level permission missing for s3:ListBucket
B. Object ACL denies read access
C. The bucket is in a different region
D. The user doesn’t have console access

17. You create an IAM role and attach it to an EC2 instance. Later, you update 
    the role permissions in IAM.
When will the EC2 instance start using the new permissions?
A. After restarting EC2
B. After re-attaching IAM role
C. Automatically within a few seconds
D. Only after AWS CLI refresh

18. 


